README.md, before:

# CPL_XML2Strings
XML to Strings parser, built for .xml translation files from Transifex.

# Usage
Available input parameters:
-i [path] -> input folder path, defaults to main Bundle path.
-o [path] -> output folder path, defaults to main Bundle path.
-n [filename] -> output filename (no extension), defaults to 'Localizable'.

The app searches for .xml files inside the input folder (no deep search, files inside other folders are omitted). Once found, the app attempts to extract strings from <string> nodes, with obligatory name parameter in the node. Incorrect nodes are omitted. The output is then converter into a .strings file, special characters included.
Formatted strings are supported, Android '%s' strings are translated into '%@' for iOS.

Transifex files use 'xmlstrings_' in their filename, followed by a country code that defines the language. The app looks for that element in the filename. If found, the new .strings file is put inside a .lproj folder with the extracted country code as the name. Otherwise, the new file is put inside a folder that is named the same as the input file.

Commit message:

Updated project with code from other repo.

README.md, after:

# CPL_XML2Strings
XML to Strings parser, built for .xml translation files from Transifex.

# Usage
Available input parameters:
-i [path] -> input folder path, defaults to Bundle.main.path (the directory of the CPL_XML2Strings executable file).
-o [path] -> output folder path, defaults to Bundle.main.path (the directory of the CPL_XML2Strings executable file).
-n [filename] -> output filename (no extension), defaults to 'Localizable'.
-swap [Transifex country code] [language directory] -> changes the language directory that a specified Transifex file will be converted to. Useful when you have a base language selected. Example: -swap en_GB Base

The app searches for .xml files inside the input folder (no deep search, files inside other folders are omitted). Once found, the app attempts to extract strings from <string> nodes, with obligatory name parameter in the node. Incorrect nodes are omitted. The output is then converter into a .strings file, special characters included.
Formatted strings are supported, Android '%s' strings are translated into '%@' for iOS.

Transifex files use 'xmlstrings_' in their filename, followed by a country code that defines the language. The app looks for that element in the filename. If found, the new .strings file is put inside a .lproj folder with the extracted country code as the name. Otherwise, the new file is put inside a folder that is named the same as the input file.
